Certainly! Here's a 20-item quiz about the Indiana Jones films:

1. In which year was the first Indiana Jones film, "Raiders of the Lost Ark," released?
2. What is the full name of the character played by Harrison Ford in the Indiana Jones films?
3. Which actor portrays Indiana Jones' father in "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade"?
4. What is the name of Indiana Jones' signature hat?
5. In "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom," what mythical stone is Indy searching for?
6. Which actress played the character Marion Ravenwood in "Raiders of the Lost Ark" and "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull"?
7. In "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade," which historical artifact is Indiana Jones trying to find?
8. What is the famous line uttered by Indiana Jones in response to the villainous swordsman in "Raiders of the Lost Ark"?
9. Which organization does Indiana Jones work for as a professor?
10. What is the name of the secret society featured in "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull"?
11. In "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom," what is the name of the hidden village that Indy stumbles upon?
12. Who directed the first four Indiana Jones films?
13. In "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade," what is the name of the knight guarding the Holy Grail?
14. What is the name of the artifact featured in "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull"?
15. In "Raiders of the Lost Ark," what is the fate of those who open the Ark of the Covenant?
16. Which famous actor portrayed the character Mutt Williams in "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull"?
17. In "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom," what creature does Indy encounter in the underground catacombs?
18. What is the name of the main antagonist in "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade"?
19. Which country serves as the setting for much of "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom"?
20. What is the name of Indiana Jones' sidekick and friend who appears in several of the films?

Answers:
1. 1981
2. Indiana Jones (Henry Walton Jones Jr.)
3. Sean Connery
4. Fedora
5. The Sankara Stones
6. Karen Allen
7. The Holy Grail
8. "It's not the years, honey, it's the mileage."
9. Marshall College (specifically, he works for the Department of Archaeology)
10. The Crystal Skull Society
11. The Village of Mayapore
12. Steven Spielberg
13. The Knight Templar
14. The Crystal Skull of Akator
15. They are killed by supernatural forces.
16. Shia LaBeouf
17. Giant man-eating snakes
18. Walter Donovan
19. India
20. Sallah (played by John Rhys-Davies)

Certainly! Here's a 20-item quiz about the Indiana Jones films:

1. What is the name of the main character in the Indiana Jones films?
2. In which year was the first Indiana Jones film, "Raiders of the Lost Ark," released?
3. Who directed the Indiana Jones films?
4. What is the iconic hat that Indiana Jones wears called?
5. What is Indiana Jones' profession?
6. What is the name of Indiana Jones' sidekick in "Raiders of the Lost Ark"?
7. Which artifact does Indiana Jones seek in "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade"?
8. In "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom," which mythical stone does Indy recover?
9. Who plays the character of Marion Ravenwood in the Indiana Jones films?
10. Which actor plays the role of Indiana Jones?
11. What is the name of the secret government organization that Indiana Jones works for?
12. Which famous river does Indiana Jones journey along in "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom"?
13. What is the opening scene of "Raiders of the Lost Ark" set in?
14. Which religious artifact is the focus of "Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark"?
15. Who is the main antagonist in "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade"?
16. What is the title of the fourth Indiana Jones film released in 2008?
17. In "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom," what do the characters eat at the palace banquet?
18. Which actress plays the character of Willie Scott in "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom"?
19. What is the full name of the character played by Harrison Ford in the Indiana Jones films?
20. In "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull," what is the secret behind the crystal skulls?

Answers:
1. Indiana Jones
2. 1981
3. Steven Spielberg
4. Fedora
5. Archaeologist
6. Sallah
7. Holy Grail
8. Sankara Stone
9. Karen Allen
10. Harrison Ford
11. Office of Strategic Services (OSS)
12. Ganges River
13. A South American jungle
14. The Ark of the Covenant
15. Walter Donovan
16. Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
17. Chilled monkey brains
18. Kate Capshaw
19. Henry Walton Jones Jr.
20. They are of extraterrestrial origin

Certainly! Here's a 20-item quiz about the Indiana Jones films:

1. In which film does Indiana Jones search for the Ark of the Covenant?
2. What is the name of Indiana Jones' iconic hat?
3. Which actor portrays Indiana Jones in the film series?
4. What is the name of Indiana Jones' trusted whip?
5. In "Raiders of the Lost Ark," what is the nationality of the main antagonist, Dr. René Belloq?
6. What is the title of the second film in the Indiana Jones series?
7. Which mythical stone is sought after in the film "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom"?
8. Who plays Indiana Jones' ally, Sallah, in multiple films?
9. What is the name of Indiana Jones' father, who appears in "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade"?
10. In "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull," which famous actor plays Indiana Jones' colleague and friend, Harold Oxley?
11. Which real-life historical artifact is the plot centered around in "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade"?
12. In "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom," what profession does the character Short Round have?
13. Which film in the series features a chase scene involving a mine cart?
14. What is the name of the secret organization that Indiana Jones battles in "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull"?
15. In "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade," what is the name of the female lead character, played by Alison Doody?
16. Which film features the memorable line, "Snakes. Why did it have to be snakes?"?
17. What is the name of the artifact that Indiana Jones recovers in "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull"?
18. Who directed the Indiana Jones films?
19. Which film introduces the character of Indiana Jones' son, Mutt Williams?
20. What is the name of the ancient city that Indiana Jones explores in "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade"?

Answers:
1. Raiders of the Lost Ark
2. Fedora
3. Harrison Ford
4. Bullwhip
5. French
6. Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
7. Sankara Stones
8. John Rhys-Davies
9. Henry Jones Sr.
10. John Hurt
11. Holy Grail
12. Orphan and pickpocket
13. Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
14. The "Cult of Akator" or "The Spalko Group"
15. Elsa Schneider
16. Raiders of the Lost Ark
17. Crystal Skull
18. Steven Spielberg
19. Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
20. Petra

Feel free to use this quiz for entertainment or testing your knowledge on the Indiana Jones films!

Certainly! Here's a 20-item quiz about the Indiana Jones films:

1. In which film does Indiana Jones search for the Ark of the Covenant?
2. Who plays the role of Indiana Jones?
3. Which artifact is featured in "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade"?
4. In "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom," which precious stone is stolen?
5. Who directed the Indiana Jones films?
6. Which actor portrayed the character of Marcus Brody?
7. In "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull," which ancient civilization is featured prominently?
8. Which famous actress played the role of Marion Ravenwood in the Indiana Jones films?
9. In "Raiders of the Lost Ark," what is the profession of Indiana Jones?
10. Who is Indiana Jones' main nemesis throughout the films?
11. In "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade," which actor plays the role of Indiana's father?
12. Which country serves as the primary setting for "Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom"?
13. Which famous scene involves a giant boulder chasing Indiana Jones?
14. In "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull," what is the secret behind the crystal skulls?
15. What is the name of Indiana Jones' iconic hat?
16. Which actor portrays the character Sallah in multiple Indiana Jones films?
17. Which film features the "Holy Grail" as a central artifact?
18. In "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade," what does Indy have to do to cross the "Leap of Faith"?
19. What is the name of Indiana Jones' whip?
20. In "Indiana Jones and the Raiders of the Lost Ark," what ultimately happens to the Ark of the Covenant?

Answers:
1. Raiders of the Lost Ark
2. Harrison Ford
3. The Holy Grail
4. The Sankara Stones
5. Steven Spielberg
6. Denholm Elliott
7. The Mayans
8. Karen Allen
9. Archaeology/Professor
10. René Belloq
11. Sean Connery
12. India
13. The opening sequence of "Raiders of the Lost Ark"
14. They possess great knowledge and power
15. Fedora
16. John Rhys-Davies
17. Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
18. Take a step forward in faith
19. The Bullwhip
20. It is stored away in a government warehouse
